README.md, before:

# Obsidian Auto Bullet

This plugin automatically inserts bullet points ("- ") when you type spaces or tabs at the beginning of a line in Obsidian.

## Features

- Automatically inserts bullet points ("- ") when you type spaces or tabs at the beginning of a line
- You can toggle the feature on/off from the settings tab

## How to Use

1. Install and enable the plugin
2. When you type a space or tab at the beginning of a new line, "- " will be automatically inserted
3. If you want to disable the feature, you can toggle it from the settings tab

## Installation

### Installation from within Obsidian (Recommended)

1. Open Obsidian settings
2. Navigate to "Third-party plugins" section and select "Community plugins"
3. Click "Browse" and search for "Auto Bullet"
4. Install and enable the plugin

### Manual Installation

1. Download the latest release from the releases page
2. Extract the zip file and place the folder in the `.obsidian/plugins/` directory
3. Restart Obsidian and enable the plugin in the "Third-party plugins" section of the settings

## Feedback

For bug reports or feature requests, please use the GitHub Issues page.

## Inspiration

This plugin is inspired by the automatic bullet point feature in [Cosense](https://scrapbox.io).

## License

Released under the MIT License.

Commit message:

docs(README.md): update documentation to include individual control for half-width spaces, full-width spaces, and tabs in plugin settings

README.md, after:

# Obsidian Auto Bullet

This plugin automatically inserts bullet points ("- ") when you type spaces or tabs at the beginning of a line in Obsidian.

## Features

- Automatically inserts bullet points ("- ") when you type spaces or tabs at the beginning of a line
- You can toggle the feature on/off from the settings tab
- Individual control for half-width spaces, full-width spaces, and tabs

## How to Use

1. Install and enable the plugin
2. When you type a space or tab at the beginning of a new line, "- " will be automatically inserted
3. If you want to disable the feature, you can toggle it from the settings tab

## Settings

You can customize the plugin behavior through the settings tab:

- **Half-width Space**: Enable/disable automatic bullet points when pressing a half-width space at the beginning of a line
- **Full-width Space**: Enable/disable automatic bullet points when pressing a full-width space at the beginning of a line
- **Tab**: Enable/disable automatic bullet points when pressing a tab at the beginning of a line

All options are enabled by default.

## Installation

### Installation from within Obsidian (Recommended)

1. Open Obsidian settings
2. Navigate to "Third-party plugins" section and select "Community plugins"
3. Click "Browse" and search for "Auto Bullet"
4. Install and enable the plugin

### Manual Installation

1. Download the latest release from the releases page
2. Extract the zip file and place the folder in the `.obsidian/plugins/` directory
3. Restart Obsidian and enable the plugin in the "Third-party plugins" section of the settings

## Feedback

For bug reports or feature requests, please use the GitHub Issues page.

## Inspiration

This plugin is inspired by the automatic bullet point feature in [Cosense](https://scrapbox.io).

## License

Released under the MIT License.
